OSDOCS#59719: RN for new runbooks in 4.20 (#99413)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-20-release-notes.adoc

[id="virt-4-20-monitoring_{context}"]
=== Monitoring
//CNV-63662
* Added documentation for the `kubevirt_vmi_vcpu_delay_seconds_total` Prometheus metric. This metric reports the time a virtual CPU (vCPU) was queued by the host scheduler but was not running. The updated documentation helps users better understand vCPU queue delays in OpenShift Virtualization environments.

//CNV-59719
* The following xref:../../virt/monitoring/virt-runbooks.adoc#virt-runbooks[alerts for the {CNVOperatorDisplayName}] are now included in the {product-title} runbooks:
+
--
** `HighNodeCPUFrequency`
** `VirtualMachineStuckInUnhealthyState`
** `VirtualMachineStuckOnNode`
** `PersistentVolumeFillingUp`
** `DeprecatedMachineType`
** `HCOGoldenImageWithNoSupportedArchitecture`
** `HCOGoldenImageWithNoArchitectureAnnotation`
** `HCOMultiArchGoldenImagesDisabled`
--
+

> For a complete list of virtualization metrics, see link:https://github.com/kubevirt/monitoring/blob/main/docs/metrics.md[KubeVirt components metrics]. 

Reviewer: We should not link to the upstream kubevirt repo; suggested rewrite:

```suggestion
For a complete list of virtualization metrics, see the link:https://github.com/openshift/runbooks/tree/master/alerts/openshift-virtualization-operator[openshift/runbooks] Git repository. 
```
